want to die i
do not_seem to be
i hate myself so
am such a failure
have a thigh gap
she is so fucking
i want to purge
am so fat and
i have only just
i have gained weight
number on the scale
you have a lovely
fat fat fat fat
i have an ed
to kill myself i
the number on the
i will be skinny
a lot of pain
am so fucking fat
one of my favourites
you are allowed to
hope you are all
do not_want to eat
lost so much weight
i know that feeling
i am fat i
i have just had
am so fat i
gained so much weight
i am still fat
i have gained so
i have an appointment
to lose weight and
want to be thin
feel a bit better
thank you i just
have gained so much
am such a fat
this is my favourite
mean a lot to
i am so afraid
i love your account
i need to calm
do you mean by
and i can feel
want to get better
i feel a bit
which means i will
will have a look
it is my favourite
weight and i am
i know how hard
ate so much today
sad all the time
it is made me
me to kill myself
you are a wonderful
that because i am
give it a go
save me from myself
far as i know
am so scared i
a good idea i
i have put on
i hate myself i
it will help me
need to be skinny
drink lots of water
can not_deal with it
i got my period
i could do with
i feel so weak
i know there are
give you a hug
there are people who
i am so fat
hate myself so much
i want to lose
you can dm me
hope you are ok
want to lose weight
i hate my body
at the moment i
have a lovely day
what is your favourite
i am a failure
i do not_want them
i do not_deserve to
i am too fat
one of my favourite
i am still not_over
i need to cut
sorry i have not_been
do not_mind me asking
will get through this
was doing so well
i want to stop
a lot of you
to lose weight i
no wonder i am
i hate myself and
i have been following
to talk i am
wish i was dead
but i can not_be
i have eaten so
and i have lost
here if you ever
the fuck is that
hope it goes well
i have been crying
i can not_be bothered
i do need to
you are so lovely
i was a child
i am like that
what you mean i
i fucking hate myself
seem to have a
i am a fat
again i am so
it i think it
am going to end
have eaten so much
because i am fat
i am fat and
how fat i am
i know it does
will think i am
i have actually been
they are in a
the way he is
because he is so
to stop me from
i wanted to die
part of me that
of it but i
at the start of
not_be able to do
i will kill myself
i am so pathetic
it hurts so much
do not_want him to
do it i have
much i hate myself
you that means a
thank you hope you
i think they will
i should make a
it is so so
to be here anymore
i am a size
i am a vegetarian
is so beautiful and
am such a fucking
quote this tweet with
thank you i really
what is your point
are so beautiful i
i am so pleased
is so pretty i
why am i doing
im going to go
where do you live
to make me eat
i am losing weight
i feel so guilty
need to lose weight
but thank you so
i feel so fat
where are you from
and that i am
i need to lose
to do it i
i will do a
to be like that
am so sorry you
you do not_mind me
i feel so fucking
how much weight i
let us face it
if i have the
be able to say
what i have seen
i am okay i
i hope i will
in the mirror i
ever need to talk
can not_do this i
it is just hard
thank you that means
can not_be bothered to
wish you all the
do you guys think
what it is i
am so sorry that
i feel so alone
at the time i
i really hope so
i just hope i
no i am not_.
i have lost weight
and i hate myself
i want to fucking
i would be dead
even when i was
too much i am
wants to see me
when i was and
just want to die
but i think he
to look like this
i am so alone
i managed to get
will get through it
i am seeing my
i am here if
to do it and
to jump off a
what the fuck happened
thank you i hope
that is amazing i
all the time so
to eat but i
and i just feel
but i can not_eat
i had to eat
able to do that
new years resolution is
more than i have
have lost so much
i doubt i will
in the hospital for
that but it is
myself in the mirror
how tall are you
am so scared of
they have no idea
thank you i think
like i am doing
so much you have
but i am sorry
to stop myself from
i forgot about the
had a really bad
because it is all
you need to eat
i have to eat
you are stronger than
me i just want
